# Meeting notes IDG All Hands Monthly

More training on jha edu

## Org Design:

    * This time structures 800 positions involved in moves.
    * Anouncement mid to late September, may be pushed back
    * skill set for all people in org.
    * It won't be done by Oct. 1

## Targets: pushed back 45 days.

    * Targets connected to bonus. Not yet clear
    * Dificult prcocess for leaders to do reorg.
    * Why is change being made: the disruption of banking is big! Bigtech, google Amazon facebook - speed of agility has to increase. Product focus, accountability.
    * How will org changes  change my work. The discussions will be  first to the individual carefully and giving time to grasp before the announcements.
    * How can I participate: 1.) come to table with open and desire to be faster, stronger. 2.) Be open with your thoughts. 3.) Talk about your anxiousity. If you can't get on board it is O.K. to move on, it isn't your fault.

Banno not too much included, Now Ron Moses not Marks team. Enterprise Arechatect MAC ROB KEN are the three big in this reorg. Donny an active role.

In next week the input moves down a level. little room for gossip "trickle down"

To be complete by Oct 1

Mac says, I don't want to make this harder than it needs to be, call 8100. ... I think that Tony is out of step with an old waterflow process.

Projects Q2 in IDG. none of SharePoint listed.
1,5,10,30,16,23 on the corporate list. People Finder is on the way too.

Departed Employees removed from JHA directory. deceased also showed. But HR said it is more than that. It isn't a good thing, rather a granted privileged info.   3